#Module 3 Challenge

##Overview

The purpopse of the Module 3 challenge is create Python scripts to analyze two CSV files and calculate values from the dataset. The project is split into two parts. The first part, the PyBank challenge, anaylzes the financial records of a company, while the Pypoll challenge, helps a small town analyze election data. The main repo for this challenge is "python_challenge", which contains both a "PyBank" folder, and a "PyPoll" folder. The files needed for each analysis, including a detailed README, can be found inisde these folders. 

##Files
    
    - "python_challenge": The main repo for both the PyBank and PyPoll challenges. The PyPoll challenge folder contains the main Python script for the election results analysis, a "Resources" folder containing the dataset, and an "Anaylsis" folder with the txt file containing the results. 
    - "PyBank":the folder containing all files needed for the PyBank financial analysis 
    -"PyPoll":the folder containing all files needed for the PyPoll election results analysis 

##Instructions
   
    1. Clone the repository to your local device using git clone <insert link>
    2. Open the "PyBank" folder and click on the file "README.md". This file contains the instructions fo the PyBank Challenge 
    3. Open the "PyPoll" folder and click on the file "README.md". This file contains the instructions fo the PyPoll Challenge

##Acknowledgements
    
    Xpert Learning Assistant was used to establish the framework and logic for this code, answer detailed questions, and assist in debugging. The framework and code were modified using course curriculum and activities to fit the requirements of the assignment.For more information about the Xpert Learning Assistant, visit [EdX Xpert Learning Assistant](https://www.edx.org/). 

##References

Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC

© 2022 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

